# medical_preAuthBot
This medical Bot accepts patient’s medical record (pdf). It refers the provided guidelines and makes decision for pre-authorization of medical insurance for the requested Current Procedural Terminology (CPT) codes. It uses OpenAI API to access its latest ‘gpt-4-1106-preview’ model and uses retrieval technology (RAG). Optimisation &amp; expansion - wip.

I have followed two approaches
1. In Colonoscopy_preAuthBOT folder, I am using openAI API call and using ‘retrieval’ tool on ‘gpt-4-1106-preview’ model. Please download the instructions folder with instructions.docx and guidelines.pdf files in it. When you run the notebook (medical_preAuthBOT.ipynb), you will get a pop up to uplaod the patinet's medical record. Then the model will use the information from instructions.docx and guidelines.pdf & patients medical record to make a decison if the requested CPT codes should be approved. It will also porovide the reason on why the requeted CPT should be approved. In case of any missing data, it will request for what data could help in making decision.

2. In Colonoscopy_preAuthBOT_RAG_ChromaVectorDatabase folder, I am using openAI API call and instaed of relying on OpenAI's RAG technology, I am using OpenSource Chroma Vector Database to vectorise and chunk the guidelines.pdf document.
I am using ‘gpt-4-1106-preview’ model. Please download the instructions folder with instructions.docx and guidelines.pdf files in it. When you run the notebook (usingChromaVectorDatabase.ipynb), you will get a pop up to upload the patient's medical record. Then the model will use the information coded into the instructions and retrieved relevant documnet from Chroma for the guidelines along with the patients medical record to make a decison if the requested CPT codes should be approved. It will also porovide the reason on why the requeted CPT should be approved. In case of any missing data, it will request for what data could help in making decision.
